<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <title>FHIR Fagforum Meetings Overview</title>
    <style>
        body {
            font-family: Arial, sans-serif;
            line-height: 1.6;
            max-width: 1200px;
            margin: 0 auto;
            padding: 20px;
            background-color: #f5f5f5;
        }
        .container {
            background-color: white;
            padding: 20px;
            border-radius: 8px;
            box-shadow: 0 2px 4px rgba(0,0,0,0.1);
        }
        h1 {
            color: #2c3e50;
            text-align: center;
            border-bottom: 2px solid #3498db;
            padding-bottom: 10px;
        }
        .meeting {
            margin: 20px 0;
            padding: 15px;
            border-left: 4px solid #3498db;
            background-color: #f8f9fa;
        }
        .meeting-header {
            color: #2c3e50;
            margin-bottom: 10px;
        }
        .presentation {
            margin-left: 20px;
            margin-bottom: 5px;
        }
        .stats {
            margin-top: 40px;
            padding: 20px;
            background-color: #e8f4f8;
            border-radius: 8px;
        }
        .stats h2 {
            color: #2c3e50;
            margin-bottom: 15px;
        }
        .planned {
            background-color: #fff3e0;
        }
        .presenter {
            font-weight: 600;
            color: #2c3e50;
        }
        .org {
            color: #666;
            font-style: italic;
        }
        .topic {
            margin-left: 5px;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <div class="container">
        <h1>FHIR Fagforum Meetings Overview</h1><div class="meeting">
    <h3 class="meeting-header">Meeting 1 - 2020-11-04 (1300-1400)</h3>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Kenneth</span>: <span class="topic">FHIR RESTful API</span>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="meeting">
    <h3 class="meeting-header">Meeting 2 - 2020-12-16 (1300-1500)</h3>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Øyvind Aassve</span> <span class="org">(Sykehuspartner)</span>: <span class="topic">Information from HL7 Norge, new base profiles</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Thomas TR/Espen SS</span>: <span class="topic">Profiling and publishing with Forge, SIMPLIFIER and alternatives</span>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="meeting">
    <h3 class="meeting-header">Meeting 3 - 2021-01-27 (1300-1500)</h3>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Øyvind Aassve</span>: <span class="topic">Information from HL7 Norge</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Espen S Seland</span>: <span class="topic">International standardization work in medication</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Stine Johansen</span>: <span class="topic">SAFEST</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Dag Hammer & Ole Martin Winnem</span>: <span class="topic">SFM</span>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="meeting">
    <h3 class="meeting-header">Meeting 4 - 2021-03-10 (1300-1500)</h3>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Thomas T Rosenlund</span>: <span class="topic">Method for developing area profiles</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Øyvind Aassve</span>: <span class="topic">Information from HL7 Norge</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Ingvar Sørlien</span>: <span class="topic">Treatment plan/CarePlan</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Jørn Sikkerbøl</span>: <span class="topic">Visit plan in VKP with Careplan</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Vidar Mehti</span>: <span class="topic">Digital treatment plans with CarePlan</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Jon Aarbakke/Marten Smits</span>: <span class="topic">Colon screening</span>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="meeting">
    <h3 class="meeting-header">Meeting 5 - 2021-04-21 (1300-1500)</h3>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Thomas T Rosenlund</span> <span class="org">(Direktoratet for e-helse)</span>: <span class="topic">Welcome</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Øyvind Aassve</span> <span class="org">(Sykehuspartner)</span>: <span class="topic">Information from HL7 Norge</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Lars Kristian Roland</span> <span class="org">(Direktoratet for e-helse)</span>: <span class="topic">SMART Concept</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Kenneth Myhra</span> <span class="org">(Incendi/NHN)</span>: <span class="topic">Theory app launch framework</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Kristian Moum & Klaus Reinholt Andersen</span> <span class="org">(Aspit)</span>: <span class="topic">Implementation of SMART in driver's license</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Thor Stenbæk</span> <span class="org">(DIPS)</span>: <span class="topic">Micro frontends + SMART</span>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="meeting">
    <h3 class="meeting-header">Meeting 6 - 2021-06-02 (1300-1500)</h3>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Thomas T Rosenlund</span>: <span class="topic">Terminology use in FHIR</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Espen S. Seland</span>: <span class="topic">Architecture target image for terminology</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Linn Brandt</span>: <span class="topic">Practical use of terminology in colonoscopy</span>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="meeting">
    <h3 class="meeting-header">Meeting 7 - 2021-09-01 (1300-1600)</h3>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Christiaan Knaap</span> <span class="org">(Firely)</span>: <span class="topic">Integrating a FHIR server in architecture</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Trond Klakken & Tor Arne Gjelhus</span> <span class="org">(Webstep)</span>: <span class="topic">MF-Helse</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Magnar Wium</span> <span class="org">(Helsedirektoratet)</span>: <span class="topic">Microsoft FHIR server</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Andy Harrison</span> <span class="org">(Egde)</span>: <span class="topic">SmileCDR experiences</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Vidar Methi</span> <span class="org">(NHN)</span>: <span class="topic">Core journal experience with FHIR facade</span>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="meeting">
    <h3 class="meeting-header">Meeting 8 - 2021-10-20 (1300-1500)</h3>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Thomas T Rosenlund</span>: <span class="topic">Intro to documentation/profiling pipeline</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Eirik Myklebost</span> <span class="org">(NAV)</span>: <span class="topic">Build pipeline with FSH</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Kenneth Myhra</span> <span class="org">(NHN)</span>: <span class="topic">Spark framework possibilities and demo</span>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="meeting">
    <h3 class="meeting-header">Meeting 9 - 2021-12-01 (1300-1500)</h3>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Tore Bjerke & Øyvind Aassve</span> <span class="org">(Sykehuspartner)</span>: <span class="topic">FHIR new appointment service on HelseNorge</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Einar Martin Aandahl & Odd Christian Landmark</span> <span class="org">(Ledidi AS)</span>: <span class="topic">Cloud solutions</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Annebeth Askevold</span> <span class="org">(Direktoratet for e-helse)</span>: <span class="topic">NILAR status</span>
    </div>
</div><div class="meeting">
    <h3 class="meeting-header">Meeting 10 - 2022-02-02 (1300-1500)</h3>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Dag Hammer</span> <span class="org">(NHN)</span>: <span class="topic">SFM and FHIR experiences</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Webmed</span>: <span class="topic">Webmed integration with SFM</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Elin May Merry & Bernd Moeske</span> <span class="org">(Helse Sør-Øst)</span>: <span class="topic">Implementation of SAFEST</span>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="meeting">
    <h3 class="meeting-header">Meeting 11 - 2022-03-16 (1300-1430)</h3>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Hilde Janie Melfoss</span> <span class="org">(NHN)</span>: <span class="topic">Electronic death notification FHIR API</span>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="meeting">
    <h3 class="meeting-header">Meeting 12 - 2022-05-11 (1300-1500)</h3>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Espen S Seland</span> <span class="org">(Direktoratet for e-helse)</span>: <span class="topic">Intro to FHIR and terminology</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Jørn Andre Jørgensen</span> <span class="org">(Direktoratet for e-helse)</span>: <span class="topic">Technical infrastructure and use of common language</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Thomas T Rosenlund</span> <span class="org">(Direktoratet for e-helse)</span>: <span class="topic">Practical use of SNOMED CT in Digital Home Follow-up</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Øyvind Aassve</span> <span class="org">(Sykehuspartner)</span>: <span class="topic">Strategy and principles for semantic interoperability</span>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="meeting">
    <h3 class="meeting-header">Meeting 13 - 2022-08-31 (1300-1500)</h3>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Dag Østerhagen</span> <span class="org">(NHN)</span>: <span class="topic">HelseID, Authentication and authorization of API access</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Trond Elde, Richard Husevåg & Helge Grimnes</span> <span class="org">(DIPS, HSØ, OUS)</span>: <span class="topic">AuditEvent and logging</span>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="meeting">
    <h3 class="meeting-header">Meeting 14 - 2022-10-12 (1300-1430)</h3>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="note">Meeting was cancelled</span>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="meeting">
    <h3 class="meeting-header">Meeting 15 - 2022-11-30 (1300-1500)</h3>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Ivar Yrke</span> <span class="org">(NHN)</span>: <span class="topic">Patient's test results (NILAR)</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Vidar Methi</span> <span class="org">(NHN)</span>: <span class="topic">Digital treatment and self-treatment plan</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Kristine Aasen & Bernd Moeske</span> <span class="org">(Statens legemiddelverk, Sykehuspartner)</span>: <span class="topic">SAFEST implementation</span>
    </div>
</div><div class="meeting">
    <h3 class="meeting-header">Meeting 16 - 2023-02-08 (1300-1500)</h3>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Mikael Rinnetmäki</span> <span class="org">(Finland)</span>: <span class="topic">Nordic IPA & FHIR Demo</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Jens Villadsen</span> <span class="org">(Denmark)</span>: <span class="topic">Danish healthcare platform (FUT)</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Michael Johanson</span> <span class="org">(Denmark)</span>: <span class="topic">Transition from legacy to FHIR</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Emmeli Gross</span> <span class="org">(Sweden)</span>: <span class="topic">Swedish base profiles and medication list</span>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="meeting">
    <h3 class="meeting-header">Meeting 17 - 2023-03-29 (1300-1500)</h3>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Anne Moen</span> <span class="org">(UiO)</span>: <span class="topic">Gravitate health intro</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Craig Anderson & Catherine Chronaki</span> <span class="org">(Pfizer, HL7 Europe)</span>: <span class="topic">FHIR resources in Gravitate-Health</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Adam Kover</span> <span class="org">(Felleskatalogen)</span>: <span class="topic">EU ePI Common Standard</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Petter Hurlen & Knut Skifjeld</span> <span class="org">(AHUS, Norsk e-helse)</span>: <span class="topic">CAPABLE use of HL7 FHIR</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Bjørn Fjukstad</span> <span class="org">(DIPS)</span>: <span class="topic">Open DIPS developer sandbox</span>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="meeting">
    <h3 class="meeting-header">Meeting 18 - 2023-05-24 (1300-1500)</h3>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Ingvar Sørlien</span> <span class="org">(Siemens Healthineers)</span>: <span class="topic">Patient-centric platform</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Ivar Yrke</span> <span class="org">(NHN)</span>: <span class="topic">Patient's measurement data</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Andy Harrison</span> <span class="org">(Egde)</span>: <span class="topic">FHIR facade and health gateway</span>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="meeting">
    <h3 class="meeting-header">Meeting 19 - 2023-08-30 (1300-1500)</h3>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Grahame Grieve</span> <span class="org">(Health Intersections/FHIR product director)</span>: <span class="topic">FHIR R5</span>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="meeting">
    <h3 class="meeting-header">Meeting 20 - 2023-10-18 (1300-1500)</h3>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Sam Echevarria & Cody Bloom</span> <span class="org">(Epic)</span>: <span class="topic">Epic FHIR capabilities and implementation experience</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Eigil Gotaas</span> <span class="org">(A2/Helseplattformen)</span>: <span class="topic">Helseplattformen and FHIR</span>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="meeting">
    <h3 class="meeting-header">Meeting 21 - 2023-11-29 (1300-1500)</h3>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Espen Stranger Seland</span> <span class="org">(Vali AS)</span>: <span class="topic">Crash course on terminology in FHIR</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Terje Bless & Lars Andreas Nystad</span>: <span class="topic">Vital parameters in DIPS</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Karol Hårsaker & Ulrich Lichtenstein Sønderskov Andersen</span> <span class="org">(Styrmand AS, NNIT AS)</span>: <span class="topic">Vital parameters and SNOMED CT</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Linn Brandt</span> <span class="org">(Direktoratet for e-helse)</span>: <span class="topic">Health-NIM terminology</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Thomas T Rosenlund</span>: <span class="topic">No-domain terminology method</span>
    </div>
</div><div class="meeting">
    <h3 class="meeting-header">Meeting 22 - 2024-02-07 (1300-1500)</h3>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Thomas T Rosenlund</span> <span class="org">(Helsedirektoratet)</span>: <span class="topic">Introduction, law, and different FHIR profiles/projects</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Vibeke Tellmann & Merete Johansen</span> <span class="org">(Bodø kommune, Nordlandssykehuset)</span>: <span class="topic">Collaboration needs</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Jon Nordahl Didriksen</span> <span class="org">(NHN)</span>: <span class="topic">Welfare technology hub and Patient's measurement data</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Øyvind Aassve</span> <span class="org">(Sykehuspartner)</span>: <span class="topic">Personal Health Gateway and international IGs</span>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="meeting">
    <h3 class="meeting-header">Meeting 23 - 2024-04-17 (1300-1500)</h3>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Line A Sæle</span> <span class="org">(FHI)</span>: <span class="topic">HL7 Europe and international</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Giorgio Cangioli</span> <span class="org">(HL7 Europe)</span>: <span class="topic">European laboratory report IG</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Luc Chatty</span> <span class="org">(Fyrstian)</span>: <span class="topic">Hospitals on FHIR</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Mari Svardal & Kerstin Engelhardt</span> <span class="org">(Norwegian directorate of Health)</span>: <span class="topic">European standardization activities</span>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="meeting planned">
    <h3 class="meeting-header">Meeting 24 - 2024-06-12 (1300-1500)</h3>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Mikael Rinnetmäki</span> <span class="org">(HL7 Finland)</span>: <span class="topic">Finnish base profiles</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Michael Johansen</span> <span class="org">(MedCom)</span>: <span class="topic">Danish base profiles</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Daniel Karlsson</span> <span class="org">(E-hälsomyndigheten)</span>: <span class="topic">Swedish base profiles</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Thomas T Rosenlund</span> <span class="org">(Helsedirektoratet)</span>: <span class="topic">Norwegian base profiles</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Trond Elde</span> <span class="org">(DIPS AS)</span>: <span class="topic">New base profiles for AuditEvent</span>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="meeting planned">
    <h3 class="meeting-header">Meeting 25 - 2024-08-28 (1300-1500)</h3>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Jarle Hjortland</span> <span class="org">(Webmed AS)</span>: <span class="topic">SMART on FHIR implementation</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Erik Haug & Leo-Andreas Ervik</span> <span class="org">(NAV)</span>: <span class="topic">SMART on FHIR work</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Sverre Coucheron</span> <span class="org">(DIPS AS)</span>: <span class="topic">DIPS SMART on FHIR work</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Merete Lassen & Frank Braathen</span> <span class="org">(Helsedirektoratet)</span>: <span class="topic">SMART on FHIR work</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Mikael Rinnetmaki</span> <span class="org">(HL7 Finland)</span>: <span class="topic">Finnish IG on SMART on FHIR</span>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="meeting planned">
    <h3 class="meeting-header">Meeting 26 - 2024-10-16 (1300-1500)</h3>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Martha Schei Hynne</span> <span class="org">(Helsedirektoratet)</span>: <span class="topic">HelseNIM for medications</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Berndt Moeske & Kristine Aasen</span> <span class="org">(DMP)</span>: <span class="topic">FHIR data from DMP</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Trond Andre Aag</span> <span class="org">(Sykehuspartner)</span>: <span class="topic">Guidelines for medication financing</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Espen Stranger Seland</span> <span class="org">(Vali AS)</span>: <span class="topic">Medication data from institution to registry</span>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="meeting planned">
    <h3 class="meeting-header">Meeting 27 - 2024-11-27 (1300-1500)</h3>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Arne Dybdahl</span> <span class="org">(Helsedirektoratet)</span>: <span class="topic">EHDS work and FHIR specifications</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Linn Brandt</span> <span class="org">(Helsedirektoratet)</span>: <span class="topic">HelseNIM and European implementation guides</span>
    </div>
    <div class="presentation">
        • <span class="presenter">Minna Hernandez</span> <span class="org">(Helsedirektoratet)</span>: <span class="topic">International Birth And Child Model</span>
    </div>
</div><div class="stats">
    <h2>Statistics</h2>
    <p>Total number of meetings: 27 (including planned meetings)</p>
    <p>Regular meeting duration: 2 hours (13:00-15:00)</p>
    <p>Meeting frequency: Approximately every 2 months</p>
    <p>Number of unique presenters: ~80</p>
    <p>Number of unique organizations: ~30</p>
    <p>Topics covered include:</p>
    <ul>
        <li>FHIR Implementation and Architecture</li>
        <li>Terminology and Semantics</li>
        <li>Nordic and European Collaboration</li>
        <li>Healthcare Data Exchange</li>
        <li>Security and Authentication</li>
        <li>Clinical Systems Integration</li>
        <li>Medication Management</li>
        <li>SMART on FHIR</li>
        <li>Electronic Health Record Systems</li>
    </ul>
    <p>Meeting series duration: November 2020 - Present</p>
    <p>Last updated: April 2024</p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>